


1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?
ANS - There are 5 types of conditional formatting visualizations available:
            1.Background Color Shading (of cells)
            2.Foreground Color Shading (of fonts)
            3.Data Bars
            4.Icons (which have 4 different image types)
            5.Values

2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?
ANS -  To insert a border via the Format Cells dialog, 
            1.Select one or more cells to which you'd like to add borders.
            2.Open the Format Cells dialog box by doing one of the following:
                Click the down arrow next to the Borders button, and then click More Borders at the bottom of the drop-down list.
                Right click the selected cells and choose Format Cells… from the context menu.
                Press Ctrl+1 shortcut.

3.How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?
ANS -   Format numbers as currency in Excel for the web
            1.Select the cells that you want to format and then, in the Number group on the Home tab, click the down arrow in the Number Format box.
            2.Choose either Currency or Accounting.

4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?
ANS -   To quickly apply percentage formatting to selected cells, click Percent Style Button image in the Number group on the Home tab, or press Ctrl+Shift+%. If you want more control over the format, or you want to change other aspects of formatting for your selection, you can follow these steps.
            1.On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box.
	    2.In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage.
            3.In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display. For example, if you want to see 10% instead of 10.00%, enter 0 in the Decimal places box.

5.What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?
ANS-Excel Shortcuts for Windows
            Merge Cells: ALT H+M+M. 
            Merge & Center: ALT H+M+C.
            Merge Across: ALT H+M+A. 
            Unmerge Cells: ALT H+M+U.

6.How do you use text commands in Excel?
ANS -Text commands in Excel
            1.Len () Len function in Excel helps you to know the length of a string that is number of characters in a string. ...
	    2.Mid () Mid function in Excel is used to extract the characters from the middle of a string. ...
            3.Find ()
            4.Proper () 
            5.Rept () 
            6.Trim() 
            7.Upper() 
            8.Substitute ()
